.TH FONTTOTILES 1 "17 September 2019" "libzxntools 1.01.01"
.SH NAME
fonttotiles \- convert a font file to tiles
.SH SYNOPSYS
.B fonttotiles
[\fIoptions\fR]
[\fIinfile\fR]
[\fIoutfile\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B fonttotiles
converts a 768-byte 1-bit per pixel font file into a set of 4-bit per
pixel tiles for the ZX Spectrum Next
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-b ", " \-P ", " \-\-bg ", " \-\-paper "=" \fIINDEX\fR
Set the paper/background color index
defaults to 0
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-I ", " \-\-fg ", " \-\-ink "=" \fIINDEX\fR
Set the ink/foreground color index
defaults to 15
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show the help message.
.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-in "=" \fIFILE\fR
Set the input file.
The default is to use stdin.
.TP
.BR \-o ", " \-\-out "=" \fIFILE\fR
Set the output file.
The default is to use stdout.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Get version information.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Increase verbosity.
.PP	
.nr step 1 1 
The input file will be one of:
.IP \n[step] 3
The file specified by \fB\-\-in\fR
.IP \n+[step]
The first unused command line option
.IP \n+[step]
Standard input
.PP	
.nr step 1 1 
The output file will be one of:
.IP \n[step] 3
The file specified by \fB\-\-out\fR
.IP \n+[step]
The first unused command line option if none have been used by input file
.IP \n+[step]
The second unused command line option
.IP \n+[step]
Standard output
.PP	
Requires libnetpbm

.SH AUTHOR
Theodore (Alex) Evans
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report all bugs to varmfskii at gmail.com
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2019 Theodore (Alex) Evans. See full licensing notice
included in LICENSE.md
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR getpalette (1),
.BR imagetoasm (1),
.BR paltoasm (1),
.BR pbmtoshr (1),
.BR ppmtoscr (1),
.BR ppmtoshc (1),
.BR ppmtosl2 (1),
.BR ppmtoslr (1),
.BR scrtoppm (1),
.BR shctoppm (1),
.BR shrtopbm (1),
.BR sl2toppm (1),
.BR slrtoppm (1)
