.TH IMAGETOASM 1 "17 February 2019" "libzxntools 1.01.01"
.SH NAME
imagetoasm \- generate assembly source code from a ppmimage.
.SH SYNOPSYS
.B imagetoasm
[\fIoptions\fR]
[\fIinfile\fR]
[\fIoutfile\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B imagetoasm
Generating assembly source code from a ppm image. Take a full image
and splits it up into individual sprite or tile sized sections.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-a ", " \-\-asm
Output assembly language.
This is the default.
.TP
.BR \-b ", " \-\-bits "=" \fIBITS\fR
Set bit depth of palette.
The Default is 8 bits.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show the help message.
.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-in "=" \fIFILE\fR
Set the input file.
The default is to use stdin.
.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-label "=" \fILABEL\fR
Set the label in the assembly file.
The default is \fBlabel\fR.
.TP
.BR \-o ", " \-\-out "=" \fIFILE\fR
Set the output file.
The default is to use stdout.
.TP
.BR \-O ", " \-\-offset "=" \fIN\fR
Set the x and y offset for the origin.
The default is 0.
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\-pal "=" \fIFILE\fR
Get the palette from the indicated file.
The default is to use an internal palette which corresponds to the
default palette of the ZX Spectrum Next.
The palette index for each colour comes from the order of teh colours
in the palette.
.TP
.BR \-r ", " \-\-raw
Generate raw binary data.
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-sprite
Generate sprites.
Equivalent to \fB\-b8 \-z16\fR.
.TP
.BR \-S ", " \-\-skip "=" \fIN\fR
Use ever Nth pixel.
The default is 1.
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-tile
Generate tiles.
Equivalent to \fB\-b4 \-z8\fR.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Get version information.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Increase verbosity.
.TP
.BR \-z ", " \-\-size "=" \fIN\fR
Set the element size.
The default is 16.
.PP	
.nr step 1 1 
The input file will be one of:
.IP \n[step] 3
The file specified by \fB\-\-in\fR
.IP \n+[step]
The first unused command line option
.IP \n+[step]
Standard input
.PP	
.nr step 1 1 
The output file will be one of:
.IP \n[step] 3
The file specified by \fB\-\-out\fR
.IP \n+[step]
The first unused command line option if none have been used by input file
.IP \n+[step]
The second unused command line option
.IP \n+[step]
Standard output
.PP	
Requires libnetpbm

.SH AUTHOR
Theodore (Alex) Evans
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report all bugs to varmfskii at gmail.com
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2019 Theodore (Alex) Evans. See full licensing notice
included in LICENSE.md
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR fonttotiles (1),
.BR getpalette (1),
.BR paltoasm (1),
.BR pbmtoshr (1),
.BR ppmtoscr (1),
.BR ppmtoshc (1),
.BR ppmtosl2 (1),
.BR ppmtoslr (1),
.BR scrtoppm (1),
.BR shctoppm (1),
.BR shrtopbm (1),
.BR sl2toppm (1),
.BR slrtoppm (1)
