.TH PBMTOSHR 1 "17 February 2019" "libzxntools 1.01.01"
.SH NAME
pbmtoshr \- convert a pbm file to a raw hires file
.SH SYNOPSYS
.B pbmtoshr
[\fIoptions\fR]
[\fIinfile\fR]
[\fIoutfile\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B pbmtoshr
Takes a pbm file and converts it to a raw image file for ZX Spectrum
successor machines which support Timex Hi-Res mode.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-2 ", " \-\-double
The input file has double the vertical resolution of the Timex Hi-Res
mode.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show the help message.
.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-in "=" \fIFILE\fR
Set the input file.
The default is to use stdin.
.TP
.BR \-o ", " \-\-out "=" \fIFILE\fR
Set the output file.
The default is to use stdout.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Get version information.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Increase verbosity.
.PP	
.nr step 1 1 
The input file will be one of:
.IP \n[step] 3
The file specified by \-\-in
.IP \n+[step]
The first unused command line option
.IP \n+[step]
Standard input
.PP	
.nr step 1 1 
The output file will be one of:
.IP \n[step] 3
The file specified by \-\-out
.IP \n+[step]
The first unused command line option if none have been used by input file
.IP \n+[step]
The second unused command line option
.IP \n+[step]
Standard output
.PP	
Requires libnetpbm

.SH AUTHOR
Theodore (Alex) Evans
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report all bugs to varmfskii at gmail.com
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2019 Theodore (Alex) Evans. See full licensing notice included in LICENSE.md
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR fonttotiles (1),
.BR getpalette (1),
.BR imagetoasm (1),
.BR paltoasm (1),
.BR ppmtoscr (1),
.BR ppmtoshc (1),
.BR ppmtosl2 (1),
.BR ppmtoslr (1),
.BR scrtoppm (1),
.BR shctoppm (1),
.BR shrtopbm (1),
.BR sl2toppm (1),
.BR slrtoppm (1)
